

Some feedback immediately is that um Okay, this is getting somewhere I can only Longer click to go anywhere. Clicking done doesn't do anything. I have to close the app to go back. When I'm recording, the time stamp just ticks up and uh just shows the seconds. It's uh eleven Twelve, thirteen, but no milliseconds. Um if I double tap I go into Full screen mode, but I can't pinch. I can't pinch, and that doesn't work. But otherwise, the it looks pretty good. I'm not sure if I'll be able to scroll. I also don't think the state is updating using the shared state property wrappers correctly. Yeah, and I can't scroll on the full screen view. And the audio waveform doesn't do anything.

12/10 3pm

The transcription view doesn't scroll at all as I'm recording, or I can't actually scroll it myself. It does scroll to the most recent Things spoken at the bottom as you speak, but um I want to be able to scroll around. Additionally, I think the recording screen is Itself needs to Can I record in the background? I would like to record in the background. 2226. No, background recording is still not working as expected. But yeah, in order to be able to scroll, swiping down can't, collapse, swiping down on the body of the transcription words Can't collapse the thing. So let's um make a swipe down on the header. Or maybe just a button at the bottom. In addition, there's too much padding underneath the stop button and the pause button on the bottom of the scre And yeah.
f

Let's go through the speech recorder UI overview plan and figure out what's left. Everything is going to need some uh Some minor modifications, but phase one recording screen editable time. Yep, that's done. Reduced padding and improved transcript layer. It's getting there. Pause resume functionality works. Yeah, we've got a little waveform visualization. It's not very consistently working though. Um that's not of utmost importance. Auto scroll. Yeah, I can't really scroll All so we have to relook at that. Maybe add some logging to around that transcription display view. Also the transcription display view should be I believe it should be using Shared state, which you should look at the shared guidance for.
@/docs/swift-sharing-state-comprehensive-guide.md@/docs/speech-recorder-app-implementation-plan.md@/references/swift-sharing@/references/swift-composable-architecture/Examples/SyncUps/SyncUps/SyncUpsList.swift look throu

The pause button should transform into a microphone, not a play button, in the transcription recording screen. Forget about the waveform for now. Fix Phase 2 Auto Scrolling.

Just for what it's worth, I can't scroll at all. Um also the pinching to zoom in the full screen view is not working. And I don't think the transcription actually updates when I move into the full screen view. So, we need to re-look at the shared screen or the shared state stuff there as well. And that gets us up through phase four in review. So, let's go ahead and take Of those issues, and we'll carry on here. Don't worry so much about testing, just let me know. Well Make sure things build and fix build errors and be writing tests. But we don't need to worry about making sure they pass right now. We'll come back to that later.

So another thing, as of December 11th, 1124 Eastern Standard Time, screenshots don't show up embedded in the full screen recording view, and I still can't scroll on Full screen or regular screen recording views. I can collapse. Oh, and that's another cool thing. You can actually collapse the recording, and I'm still recording, and then I can go and click into an old Recording and like once I can scroll through there, I can actually play around with the app while it's still recording. And if you look, it's a It's still recording, I think. Is it still recording? Oh, it got fucked up and it didn't resume the scroll position. So, okay. So, when I collapse the recording that active and then resume it, I can no longer I'm no longer scrolling, so we need to fix all that scrolling behavior.

