We also want to add a clip of the module to clip an existing video, given a start and an An end time with reasonable warnings if the start and the end time are specified before or after the end of the video or before zero seconds. And we'd like to create a Data class for those arguments so that you can specify a start time and a duration, or a start time and an end time. Or a duration and an end time, and we'll figure out the rest for creating a clip. And you need to pass A video URL, and then we will use the YT DLP package and invoke a download video module that uses the YT DLP package. Package and figures out how to download the clip. Right now we'll just support YouTube. Explicitly. And there may be a little bit of work that you have to do there because I think if I think we may have to normalize the URL and then separate the video ID. I think if you pass a URL to YTDLP It will blow up for some reason, but we'll have to look into that. So there's a download module, a create clip module. A uh I guess clip module or the uh a Maybe figure out how to organize this into a verb or a domain of video. And then you can say download or Create clip. I think that maybe makes more sense. Um, and then the create clip needs a video ID. I guess it needs a video URL or a video ID. And the video ID would be our internal ID and the video URL would be the external URL. Um

@/Users/laptop/Development/Personal/psuedonymous/toolshed/apps/speaker-diarization-benchmark/data/clips/ground_truth_ui.html
I also want a server command, and I want that to run the server that currently is being. Being run somewhere else to present the ground truth UI. So look at where the that ground truth UI is presented from.

And we'll likely need to update that server to look in the right places.

I think we also need to add segment IDs for our existing entries in the manifest. This should be a no op other than to pass the segment ID. To the server when we split a segment into multiple segments. And then we should maintain some kind Kind of list somewhere for segments that were split because basically we want to reference those. Segments that were split to look at what the original segment was identified as, which tool created that original segmentation, what the new ground truth segmentation was. And then analyze the audio patterns that may have led us astray.